Gl 1929 optimus sn rna exon counts (#626)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_single_nucleus_multisample/MultiSampleSmartSeq2SingleNucleus.changelog.md

# 1.2.3 (Date of Last Commit)
2022-02-25 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Updated LoomUtils.wdl to and added a task in Optimus pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated LoomUtils.wdl for a task in the Optimus pipeline. This change does not affect the MultiSampleSmartSeq2SingleNucleus pipeline.
```
